Not have the payment and or as AP has been done it's tough to implement them in her app in this way.
It was setting up the payment system along with its required dependencies.
Let's make sure that our angler was running and then takes over indexed not just male
here we've struck check out just do our wished him a file.
Now let's open up typing.
But these are TS
here is declare a struct check out wearable that's let's our text.
Let's open up a browser.
Go to the dashboard
API.
And never copy the key here.
Let's open up my text editor code and wonderments pace here from Key
it's safe.
Here we've created the strip where both should be used to contain Stucky in this video.
You set up the strip payment system Lovisa quite dependencies in the next video when setting up the
function in a component.